hello are you youtubers Amanda back with
OtterBox Commuter hopefully some of you
didn't like the defender so hopefully
you like this one a little bit better
OtterBox says it's stylish protection so
this is for the iPhone 6 they say it
protects against bump shock dust debris
scratches it's got a screen protector
and 2 layer protection here so again
this is the white and gray for the
iPhone 6 this thing is totally different
than the one for the defender
much nicer much sleeker very thin see
the two colors go on there inside here
this you want to make sure you do not
throw away this actually once you look
inside here is your screen protector
they included it you might as well go
ahead and use that you can see the two
layers just separate very nice it's real
simple to get apart this is your soft
layer and this is your heart your layer
it's got a nice little texture to the
back just slide this all the way around
your phone and kind of pull on it and
stretch it to loop feels like it's nice
and situated on there that part done and
then you just snap the white part right
on top of this it goes on real easy and
we'll just pull these little plugs and
make sure they're situated in that right
they have that nice and covered but it
does allow you to talk and everything
through there and here your phone I do
have on the invisible shield mirror
glass screen protector if you guys want
to check that out on the channel but
we'll just look around here on this side
you can see the mute button is open
that's nice there's the top and on the
other side they have the power button
covered but it's real easy to push no
issues with that all in all guys I think
this is a very nice looking trim way to
cover your phone feel that it's very
protected there's no bending it's stiff
but it's not too hard it's not too big
not too bulky anyways guys I hope you
like this video if you do please give it
a thumbs up and subscribe if you haven't
already thanks